[cloud-provider-vsphere] Narrower permissions (#3775)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/_includes/getting_started/vsphere/STEP_ENV.md

### Permissions

> We've intentionally skipped User creation since there are many ways to authenticate a user in the vSphere.
>
> This all-encompassing Role should be enough for all Deckhouse components.

> > If you require a more granular Role, please, contact Flant support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you require a more granular Role, please, contact the Deckhouse community.
```

Reviewer: @zuzzas @apolovov For discussion...
